doc: release-notes: Add ARM64 and IPC release notes (#50431)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.2.rst

  * Added :c:macro:`LOG_RAW` for logging strings without additional formatting.
    It is similar to :c:macro:`LOG_PRINTK` but do not append ``<cr>`` when new line is found.

* IPC

>   * Introduced a 'zephyr,buffer-size' DT property to set the sizes for TX and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Introduced a ``zephyr,buffer-size`` DT property to set the sizes for TX and
```
